Document Semgrep CI settings (#109)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/sample-ci-configs.md

      # Scan code using project's configuration on https://semgrep.dev/manage
      - uses: returntocorp/semgrep-action@v1

>         # This token makes it possible to enable PR comments on Semgrep App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # This token makes it possible to enable pull request comments on Semgrep App.
```
